Launch: March 15, 2020

Site Reporting App

Purpose:
-efficiently complete site visit reports
-enable access to project specs
-enable access to QC checklists
-schedule testing
-track deficiencies / actions
-add team members to a project
-chat functionality (discord?)
-generate PDF with project items
-enable site visit mode to log a set of photos for later integration into reports
-all in one site reporting tool for engineers, architects and contractors
-image db hosting for orgs -> track and label images for easy retrieval
-gain insights from photo data via computer vision
-AI assisted prompts -> real time project management -> based on communication patterns

Work Flow:

1) User auth

1a) Organization auth -> for users to identify with

2) List of Active Projects

2a) filter projects by status / category

3) Project Info Page

4) View project reports

5) View project issues / deficiencies

6) Project meta data -> products / drawings / specs

7) Project team members and roles

8) report approval Flow

9) create new report

9a) create custom report templates

10) site visit mode to log project photos and access product QC checklists

10) a) complete site safety check-in

10) b) option to integrate with GC safety check in form if GC is subscribed to app

10c) Site visit testing option to log data

10d) Schedule and procure equipment for testing

11) project message board -> pin topics of interest like FB

12) invite external collaborators (architects, subs, consultants, owner, GC)

13) all above actions should be related to a question. goal is to expand array of common phrases.
    analysis of patterns leads to development of temporal prompts for the different project categories.
    zero system can learn to ask questions that lead to actions for you.

14) take site report data and create virtual training scenarios for EITS

Stack:

PWA using React and Flask RESTful API backend.

Three Important Questions:

What do I think people want to do?
Why would they want to do that?
Why would they pay money for that?

Message Template:

I believe that people want to <ability> so that they can <outcome>,
and they would pay good money for that because <value>.

If you <value>, you can <ability> with <Your Business Name>
so that you can <outcome>.

Iteration 1:

I believe that people want to efficiently complete formatted field reports with
integrated action tracking capabilities so that they can effectively deliver quality
assurance outcomes for their projects and they would pay good money for that because projects
are becoming larger and more complicated with increasingly strenuous requirements.

Iteration 2:

If you are working on complex construction projects with tight quality assurance
requirements, you can efficiently prepare reports, track actions and collaboratively
resolve issues with the web based REPORTING-APP, so that you can deliver the desired
quality targets your client's building project.

Where to find people who need my product:

1) CaGBC events
2) OAA events
3) construct canada show
4) passive-house events
5) TGS events
6) BCRAO events
7) Consulting engineers of Ontario events
8) Toronto 2030 district
9) Contracting and construction events
10) UrbanToronto blog